You 'll probably love it .
A delightful coming-of-age story .
Insanely hilarious !
Yet the act is still charming here .
It is amusing , and that 's all it needs to be .
The extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
Strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
A rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .
An operatic , sprawling picture that 's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .
More romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .
Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
Exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran Bouquet and the chilling but quite human Berling .
It 's a much more emotional journey than what Shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and Gibson , stepping in for Bruce Willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .
You really have to salute writer-director Haneke ( he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel ) for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
Star/producer Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
This is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you 're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other .
This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .    
Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
It 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .  
